novacustom_ns5x_7x/releases.md: add info about ec transition (#294)
Dasharo/docs: docs/variants/novacustom_ns5x_7x/releases.md

See how to verify signatures on [this video](https://asciinema.org/a/518379)

### EC firmware transition

> Note that, version 1.3.0 of Dasharo firmware works correctly only with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, version 1.3.0 of Dasharo firmware works correctly **only** with the
```

Author: added

open EC firmware.

Transition to the open EC firmware might be done:

> - by using [EC flashing kit](ec_recovery.md).

Reviewer: @sulewskiprzemyslaw of course we should add some disclaimer that flashing new firmware without EC may lead to bricking system and we are not responsible for such demage.

Author: added

See how to verify signatures on [this video](https://asciinema.org/a/518379)

### EC firmware transition

Note that, version 1.3.0 of Dasharo firmware works correctly **only** with the
open EC firmware.

Transition to the open EC firmware might be done:

> - by using [EC flashing kit](ec_recovery.md).

Reviewer 2: What about DTS?

EC transition procedure should be performed immediately after flashing the new
version of the firmware.

> Usage firmware v1.3.0 without open EC firmware may cause in bricking the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usage firmware v1.3.0 without open EC firmware may cause bricking the
```

> Usage firmware v1.3.0 without open EC firmware may cause in bricking the
> system. We are not responsible for such a damage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Dasharo firmware v1.3.0 without open EC firmware may cause bricking of the system, and we are not responsible for such damage.
```

Please wrap accordingly.

Author: added
